So, how long you been
in South Florida?
A while.
Before that?
We know
you're Brian O'Conner,
formerly of the LAPD.
Man, you got the wrong guy.
Really?
How you doing,
O'Conner?
Let's take a walk.
Carter Verone.
Born in Argentina,
but he's lived most
of his life in Miami.
Now he owns the biggest
import-export business
in the state.
You see, unfortunately,
the cartels have been
successful
getting drugs into Miami.
But they've had a hard time
getting the cash out.
We've been surveilling him
for a year.
But we've never been able
to put him and the money
together.
We've swept his house,
his warehouses...
Nothing.
Customs here
has done a great job
of getting us this far.